1 - A COMPUTER VIRUS s malicious code written to interfere with computer operations 
    and cause damage to data. 

2 - Which security event, related to the successful infiltration of a credit 
    reporting agency, resulted in one of the largest known data breaches of 
    sensitive information, including customers' social security and credit card 
    numbers?

    Equifax breach

3 - Social engineering is a MANIPULATION TECHNIQUE hat exploits human error to gain 
    private information, access, or valuables.

4 - A security professional conducts internal training to teach their coworkers how 
    to identify a social engineering attack. What types of security issues are they 
    trying to avoid? Select all that apply.

    Malicious software being deployed
    Employees inadvertently revealing sensitive data
    Phishing attacks

5 - Which of the following tasks are part of the security and risk management 
    domain? Select all that apply.

    Defining security goals and objectives
    Business continuity
    Compliance

6 - Which of the following tasks may be part of the security architecture and 
    engineering domain? Select all that apply.

    Ensuring that effective systems and procedures are in place
    Configuring a firewall

7 - Which domain involves securing digital and physical assets, as well as managing 
    the storage, maintenance, retention, and destruction of data?

    Asset security

8 - Which domain involves conducting, collecting, and analyzing data, as well as 
    conducting security audits to monitor for risks, threats, and vulnerabilities?

    Security assessment and testing

9 - A security professional is asked to issue a keycard to a new employee. Which 
    domain does this scenario relate to?

    Identity and access management

10 - A security professional receives an alert that an unknown device has connected 
    to their organization’s internal network. They follow policies and procedures 
    to quickly stop the potential threat. Which domain does this scenario describe?

    Security operations
